well howdy there internet people its Bo
again and so tonight we're gonna talk
about whatever you want to I really
don't have a reason for doing this
there's no objective there's no topic
we're not raising money for anything in
particular any money that comes in it's
just going to like the general fund just
thought it might be a good night I've
actually kind of come to enjoy this so I
figured we have figured we could hang
out I don't think we're going to be
talking about that all right so we're
given everybody a few minutes and so
they can get in here and while we're
doing that I'm going to try to put the
links out
hello everybody give me one second and
I'm putting out the links whatever you
want that's what we're gonna talk about
tonight within reason of course
okay so Santa Fe I've never seen you
live before yeah I try to do it at
different times so everybody can kind of
come in am i affected by the fires no
well not really they're not close to me
I mean I guess they are relatively
speaking but the odds of them getting
here are pretty pretty slim it's not
something I'm really worrying about at
the moment
Brian Welsh both actually both sound
pretty good to me Thank You Deborah and
Nunzio okay
Thank You chance Guinness white well I
interviewed Joe Rogan
I'm sure get him get him on I don't know
that he respond to my messages let's
talk about the Santa's I try to keep a
clean show no I'm not not really a big
fan of the current governor of Florida
he's uh let's just say less than
effective let's see cool shade why not
run for office really um I think I'm
more effective where I am I and I don't
really I think that you can run your
life better than I can and then there's
the added thing of you know politicians
have skeletons in their closet I have a
lot it's just not something I want to
deal with to be honest hello from coast
guard City USA is there an uptick in
theories yeah okay so I am going to be
doing a video about the documentary they
got released a lot of people asked me to
debunk it I'm not really gonna do that I
mean not none of my work is gonna be
that there's a doctor that has agreed to
let me basically use her stuff and run
with it from there I'm gonna go more
into why people buy into theories like
that proper ways to protest effectively
depends on the situation I tend to
believe in a diversity of tactics I
don't think there's a wrong way to
protest really you know there are some
people that say you know you don't want
to upset public relations you don't want
to do that it all depends on the
situation though most times the goal of
protesting is to get people talking so a
lot of the stuff that people say oh no
that's gonna you know upset people it's
still getting them talking so see am I
gonna talk about that documentary yeah I
am I in a in a roundabout way that will
actually be the next video unless
something crazy happens Thank You Xavier
Thank You Holden opinion on council ISM
as a political ideology I'm gonna to
Google that how about I'll be honest I'm
not sure what that means do I believe
them no no I do not believe it's a hoax
I don't believe it's overblown in fact I
think we're making a huge mistake right
now rushing the reopen I've said before
in other videos I think that we can
reopen in a very strategic manner kind
of rolling and then we'll end up having
rolling lock downs again you know where
people need to stay home I don't think
that just opening up like that it seems
like we're gonna do is a good idea I
think we're gonna end up causing a lot
more harm
Thank You Bryan
thoughts own snow death I think he did
what he thought he had to do and I think
that he was acting in it in a way his
conscience demanded I I don't believe
that he was a sellout I don't believe
that he was a traitor I think he was
doing what he what he thought was
necessary to to defend the country I
know that sounds weird but I really
believe that he had the right intentions
and as near as we can tell he didn't
give away a lot of means and methods
Thank You Arash I don't think you missed
anything yeah we're just starting just
getting started giving away secrets not
a traitor
yeah okay so treason is a specific thing
it has to do with actually levying war
against the United States he didn't do
that
what he did was disclose some
generalized means and methods which is
is is bad like as far as the National
Security Act is concerned and he could
definitely be prosecuted for it but I
believe that his intentions were to
protect the American people and the oath
that he took should supersede the
statute considering it was to the
government Thank You rogue dog thank you
in the bill hello to Germany when should
I let my kids out to play with friends
that's a really tough question oh that's
a tough question because then you're
it's a chain you have to worry about not
just the people that they're playing
with but their parents whether or not
they're being safe whether there's a
whole lot to that I don't know that I
haven't answered that that's a lot of
questions cats or dogs definitely dogs
do I believe in lesser evil voting I
understand it I understand why people
vote in the sense of harm reduction I
get it I tend not to support candidates
that I can't support I generally don't
support candidates in any way I support
policies and the the lesser evil voting
thing I get it I understand why people
do it and there are certain definitely
certain groups that it's incredibly
important for them to engage in harm
reduction I understand it it's just one
of those things because I am very very
much an ideologue I don't know that I
can say yeah it's a great thing but I
can't condemn somebody for doing it
either I get it what is your opinion of
rank-choice voting I like it I
definitely think it's better than what
we have right now
how can you find out where the stimulus
money went eventually there will be a
watchdog that publishes all of that it's
gonna take a while I don't even know
that the government knows where it's all
going right now what I think of the
Lincoln project i retweeted morning in
America that's what I think I think that
they are conservatives who are
center-right not far right and they
don't like far-right ideas and I think
that's again I think they are acting out
of pure motives whether or not I agree
Chris mentally we will talk about that
because I have got a whole bunch of
stuff about that I don't know that I
mean I obviously don't agree with
everything that they believe but I
believe that their motives at the
Lincoln project are our pure they don't
they don't like where their party is
headed there are partisans who are upset
with the way Trump's taking it and I
can't say I blame them
Mac B what about salon Barbie in Dallas
Cary and I had like an hour and a half
long argument over this you I don't
necessarily buy a lot of her story I
think that she set out to prove a point
she wanted to to push the system and it
hit her and she's upset because people
of her a associate economic class
normally have a level of protection from
that Thank You Maurice my take on the
current Biden allegations so there
there's there was one that was obviously
a setup through
the the right-wing troll guy I can't
remember his name right now wall maybe
it certainly appears that one was his
setup but there are a couple that
certainly need investigation I don't say
you know believe all victims unless
they're accusing somebody with a D after
their day I think there needs to be an
investigation I'd say you don't know if
you've talked about this going on in
South Dakota with the go around if
you're talking about the checkpoints
outside the res I tribal land is tribal
land
I don't please to cover it or as any say
in that I don't think they should tribal
land his tribal way there's there's not
even any real argument to that the
that's the that's the rest that's the
rest they did the governor governor does
not have authority there Thank You woody
what do you think we can do to stop
these clowns streets with their guns
without infringing on a second of it
mock them relentlessly eventually they
will get tired of being made fun of and
the bosu the people who do this are very
ripe for being made fun of if you follow
me on Twitter you just you just saw me
doing it and I normally don't but I mean
that was just over the top okay there
was a part of me that was like these are
people that actually support the
lockdown trying to make them look as bad
as possible because it was just that
over the top wrong let's see thank you
dim studios thoughts on the Battle of
Athens I can't it be done again should
it well I definitely won't say it should
that sounds like a conspiracy charge
oh the I think that something like that
could happen again
I realistically I could see it happening
again and I could see it going very much
the same way if you don't know that
story that's totally worth a search
engine check there Thank You artist
sculptor thank you Leonel let's see if
schools open in August will you send
your kids back to school I don't know
yet I would have to wait till then I
know there was talk about it happening
now in Florida and no they weren't going
I am NOT going to I am NOT going to use
the state government's judgment on that
that's not going to factor into it at
all to be honest Thank You Christopher
Sullivan thoughts on HR 6 6 6 6
I honestly saw that floating around and
thought that was a meme and thought it
was a joke I haven't checked it out yet
that's actually a thing I'll have to
look into it because if it was anything
even remotely close to the meme that's
entertaining viable candidates other
than the Trump or Biden choices Biden
isn't the nominee yet he's the
presumptive nominee he may not get it at
the convention and if we have an
investigation that determines any of the
eight are viable he shouldn't get it so
we just have to again that's that's kind
of a wait-and-see thing on that
Thank You Joey J Thank You Anthony
Anthony Childers what are your thoughts
thoughts on foreign relations with China
after this is over I don't think this
should impact it I think right now
there's elements that want to scapegoat
China and use them as Oh use them as the
the enemy because you can't really blame
the virus you know so they want they
want somebody to blame and they're gonna
use China I don't think that there was
anything intentional I don't think there
was any malice you know there's this big
thing of oh well they were buying up PPE
and they hadn't told everybody yet and
they didn't tell everybody what they
knew you mean kind of like the White
House was doing while they were telling
everybody not to buy masks so they were
out getting them for the White House I
don't I don't know that I can blame an
entire nation for something our own
government did thank you Arash what went
south yeah we will talk about that Utley
so if you are not aware thank you Brian
if you're not aware there was a coup
attempt in in Venezuela and it was a
joke by all standards it was horribly
planned executed even worse they had no
backup no money what I am starting to
believe is that the guys that are in
custody down there right now
I don't know that they were aware that
there was no money that there was no
backup that it wasn't sanctioned a lot
of the stuff they did in that video in
their capture video it makes it seem as
though they feel right now they're
working for the government
so it I this is a hunch I have no
evidence whatsoever to back this up
but from what I'm seeing I think that
they might have believed there at the
Cavalry's on the way and that this was
that they were doing the advance for a
an official u.s. involvement I don't
believe that was actually the case I
think they were lied to if if that's
what they currently believe I think they
were lied to
but I don't I can't prove that it's just
the way they're behaving it's something
very intangible that's leading me to
believe that thank you John
Thank You Hiram how do you ward off
mosquitoes in Florida you don't you just
learn to live with them
Thank You emoji see thank you see Joe
Jay please do another chat with I had
tea on anytime she wants to be honest
like for real well yeah I enjoy her take
on things and I like the fact that she's
not a political pundit you know she that
that's not her profession it's not what
she does this is this is every person
you know this is a view and it's a smart
view even the takes that aren't mine
they're not bad takes you know I've seen
nothing of hers that I would oppose
giving air to so thank you Dave onion
pill they did phone interview with
silver Corp yeah but I don't think from
what I can tell again my hunch I don't
know that the silver court management is
entirely innocent I don't think I think
they made some bets
and that they didn't pay off so but
again that's a hunch I don't want to go
too far into what I think happened with
it without something to back it up and
I'm trying to get something to back it
up so I had to wait a week or so up on
that one
thank you Eric and thank you Brian
now I'm caught up when you hear if your
videos thank you
who would you choose and a yang and
Tulsi right now yang because I think
that if his permanent solution
it is probably like for what we're
dealing with right now is ubi plan I
think that's something that at the very
least needs to be temporary because this
we're at 15% and yeah some of that's
gonna come back pretty quick but a whole
lot of it isn't and if they want the
economy to rebound they're gonna need to
do it
so again and those who watch this
channel frequently know I am not
actually a supporter of ubi in on
ideological graphs from a philosophical
standpoint it's it's not something I
agree with but right now oh I wouldn't
fight against it like it's people need
it and I think that if we want to keep
the economy intact we're going to have
to have something similar so why not use
the person that's been talking about it
for quite a while thank you Tim thank
you
nabis adventures Thank You random nobody
Thank You ash we have trolls in here
again I saw a punk psy in there
moderating maybe I actually I think
YouTube filters them I don't actually
see a lot of the stuff that comes
through or I just don't catch it so
Thank You Leslie Johnson do you think we
will get another stimulus bill I sure
hope so I think that they I don't think
they have a choice I don't think they
have a choice unless they are really
just at the point where they're like let
it all burn now the the the system that
we have requires constant consumption
people don't have money that system
doesn't work if right now even people
going back to work today which i think
is a mistake because I think it's gonna
end up shutting the economy down again
for a longer period I don't
yeah III think that they're gonna have
to do something I think they're we're
definitely gonna need another one thank
you the piece Forge thoughts on the
Sackler family's role how is possible
that no one in that organization
received jail time
lack of outraged by the public public
outcry is a very important tool and if
it's not leveled at the right time
yeah people can walk especially if they
have money Thank You LM LM back be gravy
irrational guards yeah Mill team six
attacked the fools for those who don't
know because I imagine there's me a lot
of comments about of this there was a
gathering a public assembly today in
which they went into subway afterwards
one of the people had an inert 84 and
any paint it over their shoulder and
another person had something that looked
like a 50 Cal but it was actually made
of wood and yes I prefer them carrying
that stuff then to the real article but
at the same time why why carry it unless
the goal is to provoke a reaction and
overstepping nobody thinks that that's
that's normal nobody thinks that's Thank
You Diane Rose I think it I think the
post office is in trouble under Trump I
don't think that it's gonna go away I
think that they may need a serious
infusion after a new president comes in
but I do believe that Trump is trying to
end it but I do not think that Congress
or the Senate in general even the
Republicans I don't think they're gonna
let that happen I think they understand
the function of the post office a wee
bit more than the president Thank You G
wolf I'm so black right now and was so
much happier the 30 years I didn't pay
attention to politics and I need to do
but if those plantlets I'm gonna do a
video on yeah I'll tell you this there's
there that's a permanent solution to a
temporary issue and yeah you know it is
pointless if everybody quits otherwise
it's not if you look at the the arc of
history things get better and you just
have to play your part in that joking
how come we aren't hearing numbers from
within the system the prison systems
because people don't care people
generally do not care about those
confined so really what it boils down to
they're not raising enough of the stink
that public outcry isn't being leveled
against the various departments of
Corrections or the Bureau of Prisons and
they also probably don't know they they
probably don't have accurate numbers
because I doubt they're they're wasting
the money testing that's the way they're
gonna look at it
Thank You Micah Smith so is this Curious
George hat is it a prop or is it just a
cool hat there's a long story about that
there's a video on it too I've talked
about it in depth in a video it was kind
of a man ascot for a group I was with
and then my kid wound up really liking
Curious George and I happen to have all
this stuff so it all came back out it's
not like a prop or part of a persona
it's actually mine Thank You rose bean
listen ease it's you threat to your
voice shoes
thank you thank you Murphy m'q McManus I
don't know it was the last sgm oh yeah
you get some EDM Bret drunk water let's
say g'day from Tasmania what are your
thoughts on YouTube banning these
conspiracy videos um I didn't why they
do it if it was my platform I wouldn't
want that stuff on there however I think
they should leave like the original one
at one location maybe leave it up and
debunk it I don't know that censorship
is the right answer provide them you
know the same way they do with false
information about what's going around
right now you know you have that little
bar underneath that says hey here's
here's some real information maybe
YouTube could do that rather than just
ban it outright I mean that's accepting
a little bit too much maybe expecting
too much from them but the Annamayya
alchemists even the family doing okay
yes we're doing great thank you for
asking
I'm
just everybody knows I'm trying to get
through these they come in and bunches
and it's it's hard to make sure I can
get them all Thank You random nobody
when did people waving the US flag all
sudden become and yeah I don't know
about 93 if I had to put year on it
around then is when it it really lost
all real meaning after the Gulf War it
became a bumper sticker after the first
Gulf War became a bumper sticker rather
than a symbol of anything Thank You
Ernie B Thank You JD Wilder what made
you want to get this deep into politics
and what were you doing when you decided
to jump in I've I don't know how this
start I was a journalist and I really
covered international relations more
than anything else and as things
progressed specifically it was with
Trump's immigration policies it brought
me more and more domestically and then
it was very it was very slow progression
to get where I'm at
terrors Thank You Tammuz I've been
thinking since fed hasn't been helping
much and supposedly the stock they have
is theirs why we even have them what
would it look like if the states just
took over and that died the articles of
the Confederation the initial way the
country was structured that's what it
would look like and even or that period
before the Civil War when states rights
wasn't code for racism it actually meant
that the states were had control of
their own territory that's what it would
look like it's not entirely it's not a
whole lot better but it's it's a
different approach to it
Thank You Tory foreland Thank You
Danielle please let us know what we can
do to help you or the communities and
having thought about as far as the fires
I think we're gonna be okay
I know that the the media is painting
this to be like horde right now from
what I've seen it's not really that bad
it's I mean it's horrible if you were
one of those directly affected but it
doesn't seem to be a giant event and
we'll see how it plays out but yeah if
something comes up I will definitely let
you guys know
thank you RC maverick let's see mental
health and lockdown okay so I'm hoping
to actually have a interview with a
psychologist a therapist who's going to
talk about that hopefully next week and
we're gonna get some real insight into
it not just mine are you a car guy I'm
not really my wife's a jeep girl oh but
no I'm not a huge car guy
the Miss mags thank you my hardware
store has people put their hand on their
weapon when they're asked to social
distance wear a mask
you know why after what happened the
other day I can't say I blame them I
would hope that wouldn't be necessary
but I understand why they would have a
policy like that after what just went
down and if you don't know somebody got
shot they ask someone to put on a mask
and some nut popped off around thank you
Bose Einstein there are polygraph
articles showing if you delete
influencers in the test and if both
sides agree to take it if you take it
can be admitted by the Supreme Court
People vs by the newsroom yeah as far as
lie detectors man they're not inquiry
yeah they're admissible that but that
doesn't make it more accurate there
there are a whole bunch of easy ways to
beat those even the more advanced ones
like the voice dress stuff there's
there's a whole lot of stuff that can be
used to defeat that and with the
consultants that are on hand for
political candidates they'd be able to
beat them I think you rebel scum what do
you think of Shelly Luther's arrest I am
I don't know who Shelly Luthor is off
the top of my head yeah there you go
Bundy past six polygraphs yeah Thank You
D Kenmore hello from Scotland if things
get worse and you head Alex oh the whole
thing about his neighbors yeah that's a
weird cat
it's a beads a need somehow Akili an
brought evening sir how about touch on
social security and living below the
poverty line
while on it and working how can we save
ourselves get off this system again how
can we better ourselves in this mess
that if you're in that situation that
you've already been let it let out by
the system even lost by the system you
have fallen through the cracks and we
need a system change that that's one of
those things is a requires systemic
change
you can advocate for it through a state
government you can do however you want
but aside from either succeeding within
the system that exists the the
capitalist system that exists or having
that safety net in place and getting
systemic change it will constantly be a
struggle Thank You Alexandra Slater why
do all these people feel like they're
being oppressed everything has to put on
a mask people are scared and they don't
they don't actually know they don't know
what to do
in its fear-based and it's one of the
things in this country fear the response
to fear ends up being violence and it's
something that it's something we should
definitely take to heart and we're going
to have to work on changing that
response
Jake Nichols a bode just FYI I'm making
good progress on my blog I messaged you
for the video before I'll make a video
when it's done that's share thank you
[Music]
my wife is here Bo's wife is here she
said hi let's see all right okay I think
I'm caught up here thank thank you drama
mama I wish you have questioned I always
have questions for you until you're
alive please your wish you're right the
happy Mother's Day
absolutely do I think Trump has the
mention just stupid I think that he is
he's doing what he's always done he's
he's an authoritarian person and he
doesn't actually have the skills to back
up being the guy and doesn't have the
yeah doesn't have the skills to back up
being the guy so he's always focused on
branding so a lot of the stuff that he's
saying would make sense in the business
world it just doesn't make sense in the
in the in government it doesn't make
sense in leadership if you're actually
trying to accomplish something it makes
sense from advertising get people
talking about you but that's not always
a good thing when you're talking about
leadership if people are talking about
how little faith they haven't you
I gotta think saying that I missed Tory
foreland thank you if there's a question
there I can't see it
thank you mark whether some darn guy hey
beau did you happen to see the video of
the police and arresting a shop worker
dressed as torture no I didn't see that
one I have to look for that though
hopefully nobody got hurt as I'm sitting
here laughing but Thank You Raoul why do
some conservatives not see how safety
nets are not just to support lazy people
but are there to keep a workable economy
no examples from Cali change your mind I
hope so I hope the examples are changing
right I think this situation is gonna
change a lot of people's minds about
safety nets because now they can't just
say oh you know it's those people they
don't want to work they you know bla bla
bla bla
that's why the Republican of party is
having such a hard time with messaging
right now when it comes to this because
for a long time they've used that is
you're one of us you're better than
those people that need help and now all
of these people need help and they in
many cases they're they're cutting off
their nose to spite their face and it's
I'm hoping that we're gonna see a shift
here after this what gives you energy
what drives you the hope for change
drives me the hope for eventually
getting to where we're going is what
drives what gives me energy
the little wins along the way you know
we've had wins on this channel where we
have affected an outcome when we when we
covered something specific
and went to change it talked about it
and did a call for action we were
actually able to change the outcome of
what was going on or at least help in
that matter and those little wins keep
me moving to be honest that is
definitely something that helps so thank
you Siberia what kind of support can
people in the international community
lend to Americans who feel they are held
hostage by system they cannot affect
lobby for lobby lobby for Less
immigration restrictions in your home
country so people can leave because I
mean the US government doesn't listen to
its own citizens
it's not gonna listen to anybody
overseas and I think there are a lot of
people like one of the things Canada has
is they don't allow felons in which
sounds great
okay it sounds great in theory because
in most countries a felony is a serious
thing in the United States you can there
are felony charges that are that would
be misdemeanors everywhere else in the
world so that prohibition actually it's
since it's not done case-by-case it's
not violent felony it's not actual crime
felony you know there's a whole bunch of
things that are felonies that are
victimless I would suggest that would be
a change because a lot of the people who
end up on the bottom rung of things have
been hit in that manner too because they
don't have the money to pay for a
defense so when we are the most
incarcerated country in the world see
any thoughts on the book the fourth
turning I don't have any thoughts on it
I haven't read it but I'll take a look
at it do you think a homelessness surge
or rent mortgage forgiveness is more
likely right now a surge but I'm hoping
that will change because I think that
the landlord's will in a bla being for
it
because if everybody those if their
large portion of people go out onto the
street their values go down what they
can charge for rent because there's less
demand because people can't afford it
they have to drop prices because then it
won't equal the mortgage and there's a
whole cascading domino thing here that
just isn't being looked at yet but I'm
hoping it will be because I'm thinking
that a lot of those people will end up
lobbying in favor of their tenants not
because they're good people but because
it benefits them personally trying to
catch back up here Michelle King would
love to have a sit down and chat with
Miss BOE she might do that at one point
she was on the last one and and then she
cussed and I try to keep the channel
clean and then YouTube changed the
things to where we can now actually mark
if it has that on it and anyway that
video is still not up but that's that's
probably something that would will
eventually happen Thank You Kahn the
STONER a bowl of your work was wondering
if you're familiar with and what
and what you think of his work if you
are try not to get too far into this I
would say I would suggest that it is
worth reading I would recommend a lot of
his work and even in a light skim on the
internet of just some of the the base
ideas might be a good idea to see if
you're interested in picking up the the
rest of it
Thank You Kyle Green hey Bo
just been watching since Kapernick
videos thanks for the differing
perspectives on ideas you may be
thinking of all thanks a million for
your well thank you I think you thought
many thanks for what you do should have
gotten around to donating any thoughts
on the Canadian First Nation rail
blockades earlier this year the this
goes back to what I was talking about
the checkpoints on private land here if
it's tribal land it's tribal land
it is tribal layout they don't have I
don't believe that the federal
government's or state government should
be able to interfere in that so and I if
I'm not mistaken a lot of those
checkpoints or the blockades were going
where they were entering tribal property
and I could be wrong about that but do
you think it's time to start requiring
black men in the USA to be trained in
weapons and required to carry at all
times I don't believe in requiring I
don't believe in mandatory almost
anything but I don't think that's a bad
idea for after the last few days and
what's been in the media in the last few
days which is just the most recent in a
long chain of events of little spurts
like that where it actually winds up
getting coverage I actually have a video
let's talk about being armed and black
eyed I I do not think it's a bad idea it
just has to do you have to be very
careful because law enforcement will use
that from the other side so but yeah
there's no easy easy answer to that
question because there's the
ramifications from it on law enforcement
side
thank you Rick I don't see whatever
photo you're talkin Thank You Bo's well
the shooting in Georgia on the black
jogger who wanted will change any laws
I'm a dual citizen I I don't think it's
gonna change any laws other than maybe
the citizen's arrest law in Georgia the
problem there isn't the way the laws
were written for that one it was that
the DA from what I understand wouldn't
allow them to be enforced the way they
were written but we'll have to see I'm
still not I'm still not convinced that's
gonna end in a favorable way thank you
Mark Witherspoon oh you know I will find
that video and drag it back out because
I've got a whole video on it on my hat
and and the Curious George thing Thank
You Katherine
Thank You Aidan I have not seen planted
to the humans thank you shrug II emoji
thoughts on cryptocurrency thoughts on
the Federal Reserve that's a huge topic
um I like the idea of cryptocurrency I
like the idea of the currency that is
not tied to a nation and I think that
with time that's something that could
become a very effective and useful tool
for people I don't know that it's there
yet but I don't want to trash the
evolution that might get to where it
needs to be so there's that as far as
the Federal Reserve there there's so
much in that you know I am somebody who
generally likes the tangible asset kind
of thing the Federal Reserve is not that
however I'm not an economist and most
economists that I have talked to said
that it's not as horrible as it seems
and that it helped stabilize markets and
all of this stuff and honestly I don't
know that I'm up-to-date enough with the
information to have a
opinion on it but see thank you share
cough everyone should know how to handle
a firearm
just in case they are in a situation
where a firearm is handling this of
course has nothing to do with the issue
of owning and keeping a firearm Thank
You Jeremy white even if I don't know
who is agree you learn something that's
you know the thing is I learn in every
comments section so that that's an even
trade for me I'm hoping I'm caught up
thank you Jim if I've missed something
put it in all caps or something to let
me know I think I've got everybody Tara
Reid is not the sharknado actress do you
remember which video you talked about
the squirrel and the shoebox it was one
about I would imagine it was one about
how people don't understand the purpose
of a firearm I don't remember the title
but I've only told that story once on
this channel so I think it was in one of
the ones right around the period when I
did there like three or four part series
I think it was in one of those Thank You
Nate Roberts whatever your views on
monopoly purchasing journalism outlets
do you feel the unionization of
journalists as a defense for this issue
unionism versus new Gilded Age um I
don't I think the solution there is is
having less outlets and having more
journalists you're seeing it more and
more now where journalists go off on
their own
and I think that's actually going to be
the right
the right route because eventually doing
that will be profitable enough for the
journalist to have the fact checkers and
crew that they need at which point you
don't have somebody from on high saying
this is what needs to be you know this
is your angle this is what you need to
cover the journalist is going to cover
what they feel is important it's still
going to be important to critically
examine and critically think about what
they say but at least you know the
biases are gonna be the biases of the
individual journalist and you'll be able
to find those because everybody has
social media I mean it's really easy to
find out where biases are now when
you're talking about individuals when
you're talking about large companies not
so much it's harder to track the money
than it is a tweet so I think that if we
won't want a more accurate and more free
press that's the way it's gonna end up
going and it's going that way slowly
anyway you are seeing a lot of people
that are stepping out from networks and
stepping out from outlets and starting
their own things and no matter how small
it helps a lot now initially yeah it was
all the inflammatory people but now
you're seeing a lot of a lot of hard
facts journalists making that move and I
think that's important I think that's
actually gonna be the answer now a union
among those people would also be
probably be pretty useful especially
when it comes time or some kind of
insurance thing as far as liabilities to
protect him from all suits and stuff
like that I think that would be
extremely useful but what do you think
about requiring safety and usage
training before buying a firearm um I
think that people need wealth it's one
of those things it's kind of catch-22 I
I think that you need training for a
firearm however you can't get it without
a firearm I think that prior to any it
this is one of those things that boils
down to a personal responsibility thing
in order to train and to become safe
with one you have to have one and it has
to be you have to be instructed and use
it my level of what I would consider
acceptable is not anybody's rational
idea I would want somebody to be a lot
more trained then most would be okay
with but I also again it's one of those
things I'm not big on making a lot of
stuff mandatory but it's one of those
things we should advocate for if that
makes sense I don't want there to be a
law saying you must complete 40 hours of
training because then that 40 hours is
going to become worthless I would much
rather you have to be able to accomplish
X before you're granted a concealed
carry or something like that that would
make more sense to me than time because
we've all been to classes that were
literally just killing time and not
learning anything I would I would be
more about skill proficiency and I know
that doesn't make sense you know you
actually want the people to be better at
using a thing they should never have to
use but if they become good with it the
respect will follow a lot of these
people they go out they buy one they
think they respect it and then they
don't and some tragedy follows I think
that my level of training what I would
want is higher than anything in the
government would recommend or require
but I also don't think it should be
mandatory I think people should do it
because they they understand that it's
necessary if you're gonna carry a weapon
you need to be trained
see how do we distinguish between greed
and opportunism and global trade is the
u.s. bully trade policy have a place in
the 21st century or just ma'am that's a
tough question I okay so we've got my
personal views cooperation is more
important to competition and I think
that that's that's the way of the future
the USS current policy is not based on
that so I do think our policy needs to
change however it needs to change in an
equitable way and I don't know that the
current changes that are being advocated
are gonna lead us that route I think
it's more right now a lot of what I'm
seeing as far as trade is making it
equal between the big economies now that
doesn't help everywhere else in the
world and I think that that would I
think that's the route we should go from
an international relations standpoint
economists they may have a different
take on that Thank You Sammy thought
some martial arts training if in a state
that doesn't well I definitely I again
that's one of those things that I think
everybody should be proficient in being
able to defend themselves it's also good
exercise it's good discipline you learn
a whole lot of other stuff along the way
even even short classes if you don't
have a lot of time because most when
people say martial arts most times
they're thinking Eastern martial arts if
if you don't have the time to go through
those there are still programs out there
that will guide you through and will
help you and will make you practically
proficient but they don't include all of
the discipline and stuff
somebody apparently is asking for the
dog there's Baroness Thank You Texas
Bala
I think I'm caught up on those and I
think I'm caught up on those is if I
missed any just you know type them in
all caps and then miss beau has written
some down that I can't actually read is
the person Bo's wife on Twitter actually
her those it's at Bo's wife - yes that's
really her thoughts on the book the
fourth turning I haven't read it since
plastic is slow to decompose why not
build tiny houses using plastic yeah why
not
I mean that would seem to make sense
Thank You ro and no worries let's see
how do you propose how do you prepare a
bug-out bag for diabetic supplies okay
so what you're gonna have to do with
that is they have coolers that are
solar-powered that are where they
they're hand crank they have a bunch of
different kind they can help keep that
on hand the problem is getting that
stuff ahead of time to getting the the
the medicine to have it stashed away
that's one of those things that there's
not a good answer for and you are going
to have to improvise at the moment
things go bad you're going to have to
consider what you might do in a
situation where there is no rule of law
to to to be ready for that I hope that
answers that question
name of the videos or coping mechanisms
I actually think it's like let's talk
about coping or something similar to
that let's see what is what is your back
hips diverse fields okay so I I was a I
was a security consultant a contractor
we're gonna talk on just so you know I'm
going on Catherine's stream tomorrow
we're gonna talk about this in depth and
this this industry in depth because
people have an idea of it as everybody's
like black wire that's not even remotely
true but that's the widely held
perception in that I picked up a lot of
skills and then I was a journalist and
those things together they require a lot
of interdisciplinary studies you have to
learn about a lot of different fields to
understand how things are gonna play out
especially during the more academic side
of things see thoughts on
community-driven
alternate economies like ethica high i
don't actually know what that question
is I'm gonna be honest thank you
internet server who stream tomorrow
Katherine's she's on YouTube I think
it's actually Katherine whitey and
Katherine is spelled with a why I've had
her on the channel bull before and she
was part of the skits that we did about
the Bay of Pigs invasion okay can y'all
hear the dog eating because that seems
really loud we get a link to tomorrow
stream I don't have it but yeah I'll put
it out on my stuff when I go on
the I'm sorry what's know the pumpkin is
not real why are you asking I know it's
not real it's a question okay somebody's
head should people living under the
poverty line be allowed to hunt
year-round I mean I don't I there
there's a whole lot to that as far as
populations of the animals and that
there's a lot of room for abuse there I
would suggest it within certain limits
yeah that's like you know the normal
limits that occur when you're managing a
a game population yeah that should be
factored in because that could help pups
gotta you - yeah and he's really loud
that's destra that's the husky he is he
is he's a big boy parish thank you happy
Mother's Day yeah okay so the pumpkin
went up there the pumpkin went up there
because there was a religious group and
I use that term loosely there were a
bunch of bigoted pastors who targeted a
youtuber and they called him a big fruit
and a pumpkin this was the the pastor
saying all this and that the pumpkin is
that the biggest fruit of all so he's a
pumpkin and da da da da and they
happened to be coming to my area and I
thought I might announce myself as a
pumpkin that might show up and say hi
that's where it came from and it has
stayed there ever since it's a Halloween
decoration that's where it really came
out from so I am talking about Catherine
on YouTube and that but I think that's
filled with a why so he was hungry I
guess which I don't understand I mean
other than he's massive and he's always
hungry but thank you TJ Thank You Ian
what's my take on 5g it's it's a cell
phone technology it's I I don't that I
don't there's no conspiracy there the
whole that if yeah that's just not a
thing fell the 9000 do more patches so
my gear make me an operator yeah the
more the more you have the more operator
eat you are you just looked it up and
her name is Catherine with no why
really man okay let's see your opinion
on Florida's unemployment system I don't
know much about it other than what I've
heard I've got friends that tried to get
on it and tried to access it and
basically couldn't even get in after you
know five or six days they were finally
able to get their claim but they weren't
told anything and they didn't get money
for a very very long time somebody's
asking about the origin of rule 3 of 3
yeah it has to do with with that
incident and if you're familiar with the
initial incident involving Marant you're
like wow what a horrible thing to take
to take a slogan from there there's an
evolution of that term as it moves
through the contracting community
there's a video on it
I actually think it's let's talk about
rule 303
and parkland is when I first brought it
up because I saw a bunch of cops wearing
it who did not understand what it
actually meant and it bothered me
Thank You Z Thank You bose-einstein is
it wise with all of your security
journalistic knowledge background
advisable to share a zero-point energy
solution against the current system I am
progressing in it and will share for
free it is it's ok I get what you're
asking that is the Sun I'd have to know
whether or not you intended on giving it
away if you're looking at if you have
some technology that is going to be
widely beneficial and you are looking at
you give it away then yeah absolutely
get it out there as early as possible
and you can crowdsource it you can other
people will help then the the other side
of that is if you're not and you're
you're looking to make a profit on it
then your your best thing would be to
develop it as far as you can patent it
and allow people to improve on it that
would be the the socially responsible
thing to do rather than have a patent
and protect it to the extreme where it
can't be improved on somebody done it
asking what to do about the rape culture
and okay I didn't get that one um all
right that's it okay so wow that's a
huge thing our issue there has to do
with how men are men are branded growing
up they're excused for just about
everything and there's also the the idea
that power is what makes a man most of
those kinds of crimes are not actually
about the act they're about power and
that conditioning happens very
very early on in life through grade
school through through middle school
through high school everything becomes
competitive it becomes about power and
masculinity ends up getting perverted
into I'm gonna use the term everybody
cover years if you don't want to hear it
a toxic version of it that only values
the extremes and I think that that has a
whole lot to do with the current culture
in the u.s. strongest move there is
evaluating the way we educate and
condition young men and I know people
are saying we know we're not supposed to
do that yeah well then there's big a
problem as it is but so I mean in a in a
short answer education starting very
very early and changing the way we
prioritize what's important within
masculinity thank you the blue Nobel or
is that Nobel is that a Nobel Prize
public works project integrated edible
trees and shrubs into our infrastructure
to reconnect people with their produce
there are a few farmers absolutely
absolutely
that's yeah a strong advocate for that
I've got probably five or six videos
talking about how to landscape your
house with stuff that's edible you know
changing out the Japanese boxwoods that
most people have in front of their
windows for raspberries or whatever some
thorny object because the whole reason
those are there to keep people away from
your windows you know there are better
alternatives that also produce fit
Thank You JD you Wilder